# Trojans: The *Lucy* Mission Rendezvous

### These scripts were used to produce the results in the report "Determining the Position of Patroclus for the Lucy Mission Rendezvous". Below is a description of the contents of this repository.

**.dat** files are data files to be used in conjunction with other scripts

**/CSV_positions/** contains the RA/DEC data for all asteroids and the archival data used

**/Priamus/** contains the orbital parameters calculated for priamus, and copys of the csv's used.

**/Astrometry\_compare.py** - opens Anchises\_180124.csv and compares the Astrometry of UCAC2, UCAC4 and Gaia

**/get\_error\_jacknife.py** - takes in jacnkife sample (such as jacknifing\_example.dat) as an argument and outputs for each parameter the mean and its error fitting to a gaussian

**/JPL\_Find\_orb\_convergence.py** - takes in either covergence\_2yr.dat or covergence\_3months.dat (ephemerides computed by JPL HORIZONS) as argument, compares the convergence of find\_orb solution to JPL orbital parameters as a function of the number of observations provided.

**/plot\_RA\_DECs\_observed.py** - takes in MPC\_elements\_all\_asteroids.dat and produces a plot of all observations along with a line of the expected ephemeris given by the Minor Plant Centre orbital parameters.

**/SAVEFIG.py** - conveinience module for easilly saving figures to a desired folder, not essential but left in repository so other scripts do not crash.

**/Patroclus/** contains the orbital parameters calculated, excluding and including archival data as well as the scripts described below

**/Patroclus/calc\_positions.py** - calculates the distribution of positions from input orbital parameters and their errors, generates 1 sigma error ellipsoid,  1st arg: date of the position to be calculated, 2nd arg: Number of bootstrap positions, 3rd arg: the parameters .txt file (either 2018-03-23\_124333\_Parameters\_exc\_archival.dat or 2018-03-23\_124333\_Parameters\_inc\_archival.dat), 4th arg: number of error ellipses wanted

**/Patroclus/calc\_positions\_Literature.py** - calculated the positon of Patroclus based on JPL HORIZONS data. Takes in date of position to be calculated as 1st arg.

**/Patroclus/find\_xyz\_func.py** - the underlying function to calculate positons in cartesian xyz used by calc\_positions.py and calc\_positions\_Literature.py.

**/Patroclus/hohman\_transfer.py** - calculates upper and lower bounds for the delta v of a hohmann transfer using the error ellipsoid generated by calc\_positions.py, also generates hohmann transfer diagram 1st and 2nd args: ellipse surface .npy files (20180409\_144810\_ellipse\_surface.npy and 20180409\_203304\_ellipse\_surface.npy)

